[release-2.4.0 < T0976-MG] Add command to return startup config (#495)
memgraph/docs: docs/changelog.md

- Query `REGISTER REPLICA replica_name SYNC` no longer supports `TIMEOUT` parameter. To mimic the previous behavior of `REGISTER REPLICA replica_name SYNC WITH TIMEOUT 1`, one should use `REGISTER REPLICA replica_name ASYNC` instead. [#423](https://github.com/memgraph/memgraph/pull/423)
- Make behavior more [openCypher](http://opencypher.org/) compliant regarding checking against `NULL` values is `CASE` expressions. [#432](https://github.com/memgraph/memgraph/pull/432)
- Previously registered replicas are automatically registered on restart of Memgraph. [#415](https://github.com/memgraph/memgraph/pull/415)

> - Add new command `SHOW CONFIG` that returns the configuration of the currently running Memgraph instance. [#459](https://github.com/memgraph/memgraph/pull/459)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added query `SHOW CONFIG` that returns the configuration of the Memgraph instance. [#459](https://github.com/memgraph/memgraph/pull/459)
```
